Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now the last lecture we combined two programs into one program that improved both the programs and that's
something that's called refactoring refactoring means to go over your old code and make improvements
with the things you've learned along your programming journey.
So as I've said before in previous lectures getting your code doing what you need to do is your top
priority but there will come a point when your code will work and you'll recognize it can be improved.
And this is when refactoring comes in.
Refactoring makes your code cleaner easier to understand and easier to extend.
So when you're finished of course don't be afraid to revisit your old programs and see if and how you
can improve them.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.